[Merged by Bors] - Depricated and Unstable config flags (#683)
metalbear-co/mirrord: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

# Changed

> - mirrord-config: added `depricated` and `unstable` tags to MirrordConfg macro for messaging user when using sed fields

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
- mirrord-config: added `deprecated` and `unstable` tags to MirrordConfg macro for messaging user when using sed (said? serde?) fields
```
